BookA-Pset_GeoObsDiscontinuityFault (#600)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/f/FaultSlipDirection_0_Rv9JVL5DTR1ugllbwXU4/Documentation.md

> Observed relative displacement direction of the hangingwall (top) to the footwall, e.g. up. Down, left, right or combinations (like top down - left).

Reviewer: How are down, left and right defined?

Reviewer 2: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fault_(geology)
![image](https://github.com/bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification/assets/49076658/d126d488-5a87-4536-891f-b95eaa92ecc0)
relative displacement direction when looking from one block across the fault to the other block.
IFC label is fine

Author: Added figure to description.

> Observed relative displacement direction of the hangingwall (top) to the footwall, e.g. up. Down, left, right or combinations (like top down - left).

Reviewer: Propose @j-weil and @larswik
```suggestion
Observed relative displacement direction of the hanging wall (top) to the footwall, e.g. up. down, left, right or combinations (like top down - left) when looking from one block across the fault to the other block.
```

Author: Fixed in IfcDoc + added figure.
